lv glasses description.

1a.)
With their universally flattering square shape and subtle detailing, the My Monogram Square sunglasses make a perfect everyday accessory. The classic silhouette evokes timeless glamour that is further enhanced by the elegant thick-set arms and rims. Iconic House symbols including tiny Monogram Flowers and LV Initials decorate the temples and the temple tips for a signature finish.
Detailed Features
Black acetate frame
Gold-color hardware
Black lenses
Square shape
Monogram Flowers on temples and temple tips
LV Initials on temples
LV Circle on inner hinges
Transmittance :27%
UV Protection :100%
Filter Category :2
Technical details on UV protection and filters here





2a.)
These statement-making My LV Chain Pilot sunglasses bring together a classic silhouette and glamorous detailing. Designed for Fall-Winter 2021, they feature chain-link temples that lend the design a jewel-like quality while exhibiting the House's exquisite craftsmanship. LV Initials and Monogram Flowers are elegantly inserted into the links for an additional signature flourish.
Detailed Features
Gold-color hardware frame
Gradient brown lenses
Pilot shape
Chain-link temples
LV Initials and Monogram Flowers on temples
Monogram Flowers on end tips
Transmittance :21%
UV Protection :100%
Filter Category :2
Technical details on UV protection and filters her





3a.)






4a.)



5a.)

Grease is the word. These oversized, aviator-style sunglasses look sleek and modern, with gold-tone open-work frames and mirrored Monogram lenses in dark gunmetal gray. Monogram Flower studs on the lenses add glamour, while the laser-engraved temples and LV Circle end tips lend an extra touch of signature House style.
Detailed Features
Gold-color
Dark Gun-color Monogram lenses
Fits oval and square face shapes
Pilot shape with open-work top bar
Modern and retro feel
Monogram pattern engraved on the temples
Integrated flex hinges
Monogram Flower studs on the lenses
Transmittance :12%
UV Protection :100%
Filter Category :3
Technical details on UV protection and filters here